this is your birthday gift so those are
outfits for your new puppy that you get
oh you serious
I'm totally serious oh I'm totally
serious you better not be joking - no
I'm absolutely serious that's your
that's your babies hey happy birthday
she's yours are you sure
[Music]
so those are your two outfits for your
puppy that is yours are you crying
because you're sad that you're happy
you've been asking me for how long you
have way better than a foul
[Music]
so you're going you're going to be the
best owner ever promise I'm gonna take
care of her okay well don't cry guy
supposed to be happy she's speechless
kinda like look how long it's gonna take
for her to fit in these Oh hold her
birthday Oh Thor you know so Marty but
just remember you brought home today
yeah because just to look show her to me
show me the puppy you smile with me
let's have a smile for your birthday
I love you happy birthday